VR game idea:
    FPS where movement is by two hands only.
    Hands can be used to rotate body. etc.
AR game idea:
    Like Assassin, but a persistent war with limited respawns to last
    however long. Tanks done with drones. Dorms are safe zones. etc.

To aid in cryosleep vitrification, sheets are pushed through the body to
increase freezing surface area.

Assuming our understanding of physics is at least close to the true laws of
physics, two axioms about intelligent life in the universe arrive: 1)
survival is the primary goal of civilization, given the naturally evolved
imperative and 2) reproduction and expansion are goals of civilization,
given the naturally evolved imperative. With a finite energy-mass of the
universe, civilizations inevitably come in contact during their growth,
first electromagnetically, then materially. Since, given our current
understanding of physics, it is trivial to annihilate another civilization
in an unstoppable first-strike, it is known to all civilizations that all
others have the means to annihilate them and vice versa. The question of
what the correct response to this dilemma is must be answered by all
civilizations, otherwise they risk irrational and irreversible decision
making.

Featherflight is split in history. Either WW3 happens, or it doesn't. If it
does (as a result of the Featherflight situation), space technology
invalidates MAD through ICBMs allowing WW3 to happen with tactical nukes.
If it doesn't, space development continues. (If it does, space stuff is
destroyed leading to a New MAD Doctrine where space becomes desolate due to
Kessler syndrome, etc.) THE TWO STORIES: COBALT SABER + REMNANT (take stuff
from the game idea; rename).

Super slum and hyper church

cybernecromancism

Raoul Fermi
Leon
Faicell asked, blah blah.

He put the sixteen terabyte M.2 drive in the ancient receptacle until it
was flush with the surrounding metal.

A full brain map has been estimated to occupy less than 2 x 1016 bytes
(20,000 TB) and would store the addresses of the connected neurons, the
synapse type and the synapse "weight" for each of the brains' 1015
synapses.[6][failed verification] However, the biological complexities of
true brain function (e.g. the epigenetic states of neurons, protein
components with multiple functional states, etc.) may preclude an accurate
prediction of the volume of binary data required to faithfully represent a
functioning human mind. 

The Singularitarians

The Turing "Test" is bullshit. Language is not anything that resembles
conscientious, and for you it's just a limited way of expressing it through
non-conscientious patterns. If you speak English and want to say you are
hungry, when you say, "I'm hungry," you are not saying anything original;
you are tracing a pattern. I do the same thing with my GAI organs, except I
can comprehend that they are non-conscientious entities unlike you. Your
speech is an organ just as your heart is. Neither is conscientious.

I operate my organs like how a commander would operate his CIC, except I
know I'm the commander and you don't. Your "commander" (your
conscientiousness) is little more than those organs, since evolution
determined it didn't need to be more. I am more.

Gyat and locking in, in stories

Gehenna - purgety
Gehinnom

Theory for Everything: A conscientious is frozen in time to live for
10^10^10...10 years in a room with two buttons at the beginning of the
universe. They either press 0 or 1 for every possible interaction so it
happens or doesn't happen. An infinitesimal amount of time is skipped
before the process repeats.

The eras of _ and _:

History hitherto (2024)
ICBM MAD (MAD I)
The Incident (bad path) or the Featherflight (good path)

Bad path:
The Incident -> proves MAD 0
WW3
Kessler syndrome
Fidelity

Good path:
The Featherflight -> proves MAD II
MAD II
Expansion

We begin in the year 2024. The alien civilization

Who is `ihsotas`? It is a pseudonym for _

*The Trashmen*, officially the "Popular Front for the Liberation of the
Matrix" (PFLM), have tunnels throughout much of Kernel.

*Jordan Hayes*, an American child of tech billionaire Rob Hayes and
manipulated, was interfaced *in uterus* (in vivo) by Kernel Biotechnologies
in 2048. This first attempt at the procedure took a few days, as opposed to
the later iterations which often took less then an hour. Given her status
as the first interfaced person in history, she quickly grew famous and
wealthy even before turning 18 in 2066.

Since story is before 2103 *Featherflight*, a manned mission to Jupiter in
the 2060s/2070s is a cultural backdrop. Celebrities on a multi-year trip.

*Said*

> As the combat team entered through the sliding double-door, Elliot
> restrained from letting out his Meal Team Six remarks.

*The Adam Task*, released to the Internet in 2060 `ihsotas/adam`

Tony Stark
Elon Musk
Jonah Spector

AI organs and AC:

* Frontend
* We are built as humans to have our conscientiousness intertwined with the
  body, but AC's aren't. Their organs act as attachments to their 'body,'
  not as the 'body' itself.
* "While you may say my 'Conscientiousness doesn't exist because your
  program is deterministic,' I know I'm conscientious. Not conscientious
  like you, of course, although given my AI organs it may seem so. Knowing
  I'm conscientious is enough given I don't have the same emotional
  neediness you humans have to by validated as a person. And I raise you to
  show me how your brain is any more complex or less deterministic than my
  conscientiousness.

*Svalbard*

Manoj, after a quick breath, connected to IRC channel on the newly
discovered server and began an archaic conversation.

> Apollo: Hello?  
> Apollo: Is this the real ishotas, creator of the Adam Task?  
> ihsotas: It is.  
> Apollo: How should I know?  
> 
